Add matcher to route documentation (#32713)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_conn_man/route_matching.rst

#. The HTTP request's *host* or *:authority* header is matched to a :ref:`virtual host
   <envoy_v3_api_msg_config.route.v3.VirtualHost>`.
#. One of:
   * Each :ref:`route entry <envoy_v3_api_msg_config.route.v3.Route>` in the virtual host is checked,
     *in order*. If there is a match, the route is used and no further route checks are made.
   * The :ref:`matcher entry <envoy_v3_api_msg_.xds.type.matcher.v3.Matcher.MatcherTree>` in the

>      virtual host is used to match a route. If there are many routes this will typically be more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     virtual host can also be used to match a route. If there are many routes this will typically be more
```

Reviewer: this might be a bad suggestion - looking at docs to get some context

Author: Yeah, there is no "also" here, only one of the two fields can be set, according to the vhost docs. (Hence "one of" added to the top level bullet.)
